Update recovery-using-backups.md (#8134)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/recovery-using-backups.md

> - You can run a restore only on the same server. Point-in-time restore doesn't support cross-server restoration.
> - You can't perform a point-in-time restore on a geo-secondary database. You can do so only on a primary database.
> - The `BackupFrequency` parameter isn't supported for Hyperscale databases. 

> > - Restoration operations can be CPU-intensive and often require a service tier of S3 or greater on the restoring (target) database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Database restore operations are resource-intensive and may require a service tier of S3 or greater for the restoring (target) database. Once restore completes, the database or elastic pool may be scaled down, if required.
```
